Jasper / Rhys (#2)
hackclub/opensauce-2024: README.md

**Brief description of you (or company)**
_300 max characters_

> 23,882 teen hackersteen hackers from around the world who code together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
23,882 high school hackers from around the world who code together.
```

_Explain your booth with many words._

> Hack Club is a nonprofit network of high school coding clubs and makers around the world. We will be showing a slection of highlights from the Hack Club Community, including You Ship, We Ship (YSWS) projects (various grants we give to teens), HCB our fiscal sponsorship platform, as well as presenting our clubs program. We will also be showcasing Hack Club's Day's of Service program. Days of Service is Hack Club’s initiative to support girls learning to code. By working with local youth organizations, high school Hack Club leaders run one-day coding events (a day of service) that help girls and gender minorities write their first lines of code. They might build their first ever website, video game, application and even code a robot arm to draw!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hack Club is a nonprofit network of high school coding clubs and teenage makers around the world. We'll bring a couple projects built by teenagers ranging from a PCB tilt detector to an open-source pen plotter.

In addition to the technical projects we have, we'll pass out sticker and posers for a few of our programs:
- Days of Service (https://daysofservice.hackclub.com/) is an initiative to support girls learning to code
- HCB (hackclub.com/hcb) is a fiscal sponsor for high school led projects
```

**Is your booth interactive?**

_Attendees are touching, playing, controlling, building... (Motion capture game, giant keyboard, egg drop)_

- [x] Yes 
- [ ] No

**How many people will you need to run your booth?**

_(Including yourself)_

- [ ] 1-3
- [x] 4-9 
- [ ] 10+ *(OR THIS ONE)*

**Do you require internet?**

- No
- [ ] I'm Afraid to say no
- [ ] My exibit would be cooler with it
- [x] My exibit will not work without it **(THIS ONE)**

**Do you plan to sell anything?**
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

**Do you need a booth bigger than 8ft x 8ft?**
- [ ] Yes
- [x] No 

**List things you need to plug into an electrical wall outlet**

- Monitors (x4)
- at least 2-3 laptops

_New line for each item_

**Do you have 220v, or 3-phase power requirements?**

- [ ] Yes
- [x] No

**Do you have any special requests for your booth (please explain)**

**Upload photos of what you're showcasing (limit to 4 photos)**

> HIGH RES PHOTOS IN ROOT OF REPO UNDER PHOTO FOLDER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](https://cloud-f04mirsa7-hack-club-bot.vercel.app/0assemble.jpg)
![](https://cloud-f04mirsa7-hack-club-bot.vercel.app/1daysofservice.jpeg)
```
